you girls the name of the act my name is
Krishna's going there by my in bouncer
I'm Christian story never I'm 22 years
old and what you might be able to do on
your feet I can do on my hands I'm and
bouncer and I'm a fifth-generation
circus performer my great-grandfather
started to circus in Mexico in 1888 I
started performing at the age of five
with my father doing a balancing act
that was a little bit scary but I was uh
I guess the daredevil has a little kick
yeah and bounds later was my life but
one little slip could mean a huge injury
so that age 17 I went off to college I
kind of got to see a different side of
life but since I was born into the
circus circus has a very special place
in my heart so I'm here at America's Got
Talent cuz i really want that headline
show in Vegas I'm more than anything
good
tonight is my shot
I have to be one hundred percent focus
one slipping concentration could mean
it's over them
America's Got Talent what is your name
my name is Christian's buena what do you
do I am a hand balance you know you're a
young guy how do you start doing hand
balancing I am a fifth-generation circus
perfect generation all right Christine
the stage is yours and let's see some
great hand balance / thank you
and thank
first game
thank you
thousand hey Christian you know you
mentioned that you're a fifth-generation
performer it's in your blood and here
you are it's almost like you're
representing your entire five
generations before you and you are
making the circus really legitimate the
only question I have is why'd you have
to take your shirt off for the secondly
you're in pretty good shape Christian
well done one your valence you know
balancing the whole body on your
fingering stuck in the bottle you know
you have shown us things today I feel
like that we all haven't seen before I
thought it was very exciting and I
thought it was even more exciting when
you took that top off
a couple seconds in i turned to Heidi
and I said you just even need the jacket
der and then i SAT around and by magic
you read my mind
your jacket so I thank you
how much do you weigh about 180 180
pounds all balanced on one finger not
only that what was amazing is when
you're balancing on one hand on those to
stick the switch yeah I have not seen
that your unique your original you're
like a whole package thank you let's
vote I'm excited to see you again of
course and I will start it off with a
yes
I think you're great for me it's a yes
as well
yeah hands down
and off yet
watching Cougars on the panel Heidi and
Mel booth